there's nothing to tell just some guy I
work with come on you're going out with
the guy there's got to be something
wrong with him
so does he have a hump and a hairpiece
wait does he eat chalk just because I
don't want her to go through what I went
through with Carl this is not even a
date it's just two people going out to
dinner and not having sex sounds like a
date to me
all right so I'm back in high school
standing in the middle of the cafeteria
and I realize I am totally naked and I
look down and I realize there is a phone
there instead of that's right all of a
sudden the phone starts to ring and it
turns out it's my mother which is very
very weird because she never calls
this guy says hello I want to kill
myself
you okay sweet I just feel like someone
reached down my throat grabbed my small
intestine pulled it out of my mouth and
tied it around my neck cookie
Carol moved her stuff out today let me
get you some coffee Thanks no no no
don't stop cleansing my aura don't just
leave my aura alone okay
I'll be fine all right really everyone I
hope she'll be very happy no you don't
know I don't to hell with her she left
me and you never knew she was a lesbian
No okay why does everyone keep fixating
on that she didn't know how should I
know
sometimes I wish I was a lesbian did I
say that out loud
all right Ross look you're feeling a lot
of pain right now you're angry you're
hurting can I tell you what the answer
is
strip joy you're single absol all mom I
don't want to be single okay I just I
just I just want to be married again and
I just want a million dollars Rachel oh
god Monica hi thank God I just went your
building and you weren't there and then
this guy with the big hammer said that
you might be here and you are can I get
you some coffee decaf
okay everybody this is Rachel another
Lincoln High survivor this is everybody
this is Chandler and Phoebe and Joey and
you remember my brother Ross sure
so you want to tell us now or are we
waiting for four wet bridesmaids Oh God
well it started about a half-hour before
the wedding I was in this room where we
were keeping all the presents and I was
looking at this gravy boat
this really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat
when Elvis said sweet'n low I really I
realized that I was more turned on by
this gravy boat than by Barry and I got
really freaked out and that's when it
hit me that's Barry looks like mr.
Potato Head I always know you look
familiar but anyway I just had to get
out of there and I started wondering why
am I doing this and Who am I doing this
for so anyway I just didn't know where
to go and I know that you and I have
kind of drifted apart but you're the
don't I know who lived here in the city
who wasn't invited to the wedding
oh it's kind of hoping that wouldn't be
an issue
I'm guessing that he bought her the big
pipe organ and she's really not happy
about it I just marry him I'm sorry I
just don't love him well it matters to
me
nothing